MFW-675: Add documentation for full type Magic PCAPs (#4238)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-firewall/how-to/pcaps-bucket-setup.md

---

> title: PCAPs Bucket Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: PCAPs bucket setup
```

pcx-content-type: how-to
meta:

>     title: PCAPs Bucket Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: PCAPs bucket setup
```

---

> # Setting up a bucket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set up a bucket
```

AWS and GCP buckets can be configured as targets when using the PCAP API.

> In order to use a bucket you will need to first Enable Destinations via API. Choose either [Amazon S3](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/aws-s3/#manage-via-api) or [Google Cloud Storage](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/google-cloud-storage/#manage-via-api) and follow the steps for those specific services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a bucket, you will need to first enable destinations via API. Choose either [Amazon S3](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/aws-s3/#manage-via-api) or [Google Cloud Storage](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/google-cloud-storage/#manage-via-api) and follow the steps for those specific services.
```

> At this time you cannot manage this via the Cloudflare dashboard.

Reviewer: Is "this" referring to enabling destinations? If yes, I'd change this sentence a bit to "At this time, you cannot enable destinations via the Cloudflare dashboard." I'd also add it to the end of the paragraph before beginning with "To use a bucket...".

> Next you will need to validate the bucket with the PCAPs API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, validate the bucket with the PCAPs API.
```

# Validating a bucket

> The first step is to send an ownership challenge to a bucket to confirm you own the bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, send an ownership challenge to a bucket to confirm you own it.
```

> The `bucket` field should be the URI of the bucket. For Amazon S3 it should be in the form `s3://<bucket-name>/<directory>?region=<bucket-region>` and for Google Cloud Storage in the form `gs://<bucket-name>/<directory>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `bucket` field should be the URI of the bucket. For Amazon S3, it should be in the form `s3://<bucket-name>/<directory>?region=<bucket-region>` and for Google Cloud Storage in the form `gs://<bucket-name>/<directory>`.
```

```
curl -X POST https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/${account_id}/pcaps/ownership \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H "X-Auth-Email: ${email}" \
-H "X-Auth-Key: ${auth_key}" \
-d '{
       "destination_conf": "'${bucket}'"
}'
```

The response will look like:
```
{
  "result": {
    "id": "cc20c2d6c62e11ecbe646b173af3b6b9",
    "status": "pending",
    "submitted": "2022-04-22T18:54:13.397413Z",
    "validated": "",
    "destinaton_conf": "gs://bucket-test",
    "filename": "ownership-challenge-1234.txt"
  },
  "success": true,
  "errors": [],
  "messages": []
}
```

> The response will show the filename of the ownership-challenge text file placed within the bucket. Find the file in your bucket and copy the contents of the file.

Reviewer: Should `ownership-challenge` be within tick marks?

> The response will show the filename of the ownership-challenge text file placed within the bucket. Find the file in your bucket and copy the contents of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response will show the filename of the ownership-challenge text file placed within the bucket. Find the file in your bucket and copy its contents.
```

> Next validate the bucket by inserting the copied text in the `ownership-text` below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, validate the bucket by inserting the copied text in the `ownership-text` below:
```

```
curl -X POST https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/${account_id}/pcaps/ownership/validate \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H "X-Auth-Email: ${email}" \
-H "X-Auth-Key: ${auth_key}" \
-d '{
       "destination_conf": "'${bucket}'"
       "ownership_challenge": "'${ownership-text}'",
}'
```

This will show the following response:
```
{
  "result": {
    "id": "cc20c2d6c62e11ecbe646b173af3b6b9",
    "status": "success",
    "submitted": "2022-04-22T18:54:13.397413Z",
    "validated": "2022-04-27T14:54:46.440548Z",
    "destinaton_conf": "gs://bucket-test",
    "filename": "ownership-challenge-1234.txt"
  },
  "success": true,
  "errors": [],
  "messages": []
}

```

If status shows `success`, the bucket is configured and ready to use.

# Listing Configured Buckets

> To list which buckets are available for PCAPs send a request as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list which buckets are available for PCAPs, send a request as shown below:
```

```
curl -X GET https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/${account_id}/pcaps/ownership \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H "X-Auth-Email: ${email}" \
-H "X-Auth-Key: ${auth_key}"
```

The response will look like:
```
{
  "result": [
    {
      "id": "9a993aa6c58711ec89d3037647342e63",
      "status": "success",
      "submitted": "2022-04-26T16:58:24.550762Z",
      "validated": "2022-04-26T17:01:18.426458Z",
      "destinaton_conf": "s3://test-bucket?region=us-east-1",
      "filename": "ownership-challenge-1234.txt"
    },
  ],
  "success": true,
  "errors": [],
  "messages": []
}
```

The `status` field will show one of the following states:

> - `pending`: a challenge response has been initiated, but needs verification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pending`: A challenge response has been initiated but needs verification.
```

> - `failed`: the bucket has failed to be validated and cannot be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `failed`: The bucket failed validation and cannot be used.
```

> - `success`: bucket is fully verified and ready to be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `success`: The bucket is fully verified and ready to be used.
```
